Weapon system documentation (#47)
AGH-Code-Industry/monstrous-tide: MOT Docs/Docs/WeaponsSystem/Upgrades/WeaponStatUpgrade.md

> This is a child of [[WeaponUpgrade]]. It's used for upgrades that adds stats to a weapon

Reviewer: - If my previous suggestion is implemented, remove unneeded info. 
- Add a link to _statistics outline_ note 
- Consider adding a link to a weapon note not sure which one tbh
```suggestion
This class is used for upgrades that adds [[__Statistics outline__|stats]] to a weapon
```

## functions/methods/etc.:

Return Value Type|Name and arguments|Description
-|-|-

> `void`|apply_upgrade()|Used to apply this upgrade to a weapon. Here it's empty method to be overriden by inheriting scripts

Reviewer: Consider adding a marker that this is an abstract method (even if it's not supported by Godot it's nice to have in the docs imo)

## fields/variables/etc.:

Name|type|Description
-|-|-
`weapon_ref`|`Weapon`|Reference to a weapon this upgrade should be applied to when apply_upgrade() called

> `stats`|`Array[Stat]`|This field specifies what stats will be added to weapon when apply_upgrade is called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`stats`|`Array[Stat]`|This field specifies what [[__Statistics outline__\|stats]] will be added to weapon when apply_upgrade is called
```
